
	Tentative Rulings - Online Services - LA Court















Español     
    Tiếng Việt     
    한국어     
    中文     
    հայերեն


 LANGUAGE TRANSLATION DISCLAIMER
X

The official language used for the content of the Los Angeles Superior Court public website is English. Google™ Translate is a free online language translation service that can translate text and web pages into different languages. Computerized translations are only an approximation of the website's original content. The translation should not be considered exact and in some cases may include incorrect or offensive language.
The Los Angeles Superior Court does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information translated by Google™ Translate or any other translation system. In addition, some applications, files or items cannot be translated including graphs, photos or some portable document formats (pdfs).
Please be aware that when a translation is requested, you will be leaving the Los Angeles Superior Court website. The Los Angeles Superior Court does not endorse the use of Google™ Translate. Other translation services may be used to view our site. Any person or entity that relies on information obtained from any translation system does so at their own risk. When a translation is complete, you assume the risk of any inaccuracies, errors or other problems encountered. The Los Angeles Superior Court is not responsible for any damage or issues that may possibly result from using Google™ Translate or any other translation system.
If you have any questions about Google™ Translate, please click the following link: Google™ Translate FAQs.


Translate



 RENUNCIA LEGAL SOBRE LOS PROGRAMAS DE TRADUCCIÓN
X

El idioma oficial utilizado para el material del sitio web público de la Corte Superior de Los Ángeles es el inglés. Google™ Translate es un servicio gratis en línea de traducción de idiomas que puede traducir texto y páginas web en distintos idiomas. Las traducciones por computadora son solo una aproximación del contenido original del sitio web. La traducción no se debe considerar exacta y en algunos casos podría incluir lenguaje incorrecto u ofensivo.
La Corte Superior de Los Ángeles no garantiza la exactitud, confiabilidad o autenticidad de cualquier información traducida por Google™ Translate u otro sistema de traducción. Además, algunas aplicaciones, archivos o elementos no se pueden traducir (como gráficas, fotos o algunos formatos portátiles de documentos [pdf]).
Tenga en cuenta que al solicitar una traducción estará dejando el sitio web de la Corte Superior de Los Ángeles. La Corte Superior de Los Ángeles no endosa el uso de Google™ Translate. Usted puede usar otros servicios de traducción para ver nuestro sitio web. Toda persona o entidad que dependa de la información obtenida de cualquier sistema de traducción lo hará bajo su propio riesgo. Cuando se haga una traducción, usted asumirá el riesgo por todas las inexactitudes, errores u otros problemas que encuentre. La Corte Superior de Los Ángeles no se hace responsable por daños o problemas que puedan surgir por el uso de Google™ Translate o cualquier otro sistema de traducción.
Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre Google™ Translate, haga clic en el siguiente enlace: Preguntas frecuentes de Google Translate™.


Traducir



 KHÔNG CHỊU TRÁCH NHIỆM VỀ KẾT QUẢ PHIÊN DỊCH NGÔN NGỮ
X

Ngôn ngữ chính thức sử dụng cho nội dung của website công cộng của Tòa Thượng Thẩm Los Angeles là Anh Ngữ. Google™ Translate là dịch vụ phiên dịch ngôn ngữ miễn phí trên mạng có thể phiên dịch văn bản và những trang web sang nhiều ngôn ngữ khác nhau. Phiên dịch bằng máy điện toán chỉ có kết quả xấp xỉ gần giống nội dung nguyên thủy của website này. Không nên xem bản dịch là chính xác và trong một số trường hợp bản dịch có thể sử dụng ngôn ngữ sai hoặc xúc phạm.
Tòa Thượng Thẩm Los Angeles không bảo đảm mức chính xác, đáng tin hoặc nhanh chóng của bất cứ tin tức nào do Google™ Translate hoặc bất cứ hệ thống phiên dịch nào khác thực hiện. Ngoài ra, không thể phiên dịch được một số ứng dụng, hồ sơ hoặc loại khác gồm cả biểu đồ, hình ảnh hoặc một số dạng văn kiện lưu động (pdfs).
Xin lưu ý là khi yêu cầu phiên dịch là quý vị rời khỏi website của Tòa Thượng Thẩm Los Angeles. Tòa Thượng Thẩm Los Angeles không ủng hộ việc sử dụng Google™ Translate. Có thể sử dụng các dịch vụ phiên dịch khác để xem website của chúng tôi. Bất cứ người hoặc thực thể nào dựa vào tin tức thu thập từ bất cứ hệ thống phiên dịch nào đều phải tự chịu rủi ro. Khi phiên dịch xong, quý vị tự chịu bất cứ rủi ro nảo về những chỗ không chính xác, sai lầm hoặc những vấn đề khác gặp phải. Tòa Thượng Thẩm Los Angeles không chịu trách nhiệm về bất cứ thiệt hại hoặc vấn đề nào có thể phát xuất từ việc sử dụng Google™ Translate hoặc bất cứ hệ thống phiên dịch nào khác.
Nếu quý vị có bất cứ thắc mắc nào về Google™ Translate, xin bấm vào đường nối sau đây: Google™ Translate FAQs.


Phiên Dịch



 언어 번역 면책 조항
X

로스앤젤레스 상급법원 공개 웹사이트의 내용에 사용되는 공식 언어는 영어입니다. Google™ Translate(번역)는 텍스트와 웹페이지를 다른 언어로 번역할 수 있는 무료 온라인 언어 번역 서비스입니다. 컴퓨터화된 번역은 단지 웹사이트의 원래 내용과 비슷할 뿐입니다. 이 번역은 정확하다고 생각해서는 안되고, 어떤 경우에는 부정확하거나 모욕적인 언어가 포함될 수도 있습니다.
로스앤젤레스 상급법원은 Google™ Translate 또는 다른 번역 시스템으로 번역된 정보의 정확성, 신뢰성 또는 적시성을 보증하지 않습니다. 또한, 그래프, 사진 또는 이동 가능 문서 형식(pdf)을 포함하는 어떤 애플리케이션, 파일 또는 항목을 번역할 수 없습니다.
번역이 요청되면, 로스앤젤레스 상급법원 웹사이트를 떠난다는 것을 확인해 주십시오. 로스앤젤레스상급법원은 Google™ Translate의 사용을 보증하지 않습니다. 저희 웹사이트를 보시려면 다른 번역 서비스를 이용할 수도 있습니다. 번역 시스템에서 얻은 정보에 의존하는 개인이나 단체는 위험을 무릅쓰고 그렇게 합니다. 번역이 완료되면, 부정확성, 오류 또는 다른 문제가 발생할 위험을 감수합니다. 로스앤젤레스 상급법원은 Google™ Translate 또는 다른 번역 시스템을 사용함으로써 발생 가능한 손해 또는 문제에 대해 책임을 지지 않습니다.
Google™ Translate에 대한 질문이 있는 경우, 다음의 링크를 클릭해 주십시오: Google™ Translate FAQs.


번역하십시오



 语言翻译免责声明
X

洛杉矶高等法院公共网站内容使用的官方语言是英语。Google™ Translate（谷歌翻译）是免费的在线语言翻译服务，可将文本和网页翻译成不同语言。计算机翻译只能近似网站的原始内容。这种翻译不应视为准确，一些情况下可能包含错误或冒犯性语言。
洛杉矶高等法院不保证Google™ Translate或其他翻译系统翻译的任何信息准确、可靠或及时。此外，有些应用软件、文件或项目无法翻译，包括图片、照片或一些便携文件格式（pdf)。
请注意，提出翻译请求时，您将离开洛杉矶高等法院网站。洛杉矶高等法院不认可使用Google™ Translate。可用其他翻译服务浏览我们的网站。任何个人或实体依赖翻译系统获得信息，需自行承担风险。翻译完成后，您需承担任何不准确、错误或其他问题的风险。洛杉矶高等法院不就使用Google™ Translate或其他翻译系统可能导致的任何损害或问题承担责任。
如果您有关于Google™ Translate的疑问，请点击下面的链接：Google™ Translate常见问题。


翻译



 ԼԵԶՎԱԿԱՆ ԹԱՐԳՄԱՆՈՒԹՅԱՆ ՎԵՐԱԲԵՐՅԱԼ ՎԵՐԱՊԱՀԱԿԱՆ ՀԱՅՏԱՐԱՐՈՒԹՅՈՒՆ
X

Լոս Անջելեսի Առաջին ատյանի դատարանի հանրային կայքի պաշտոնական լեզուն անգլերենն է։ Google™ Translate-ն անվճար լեզվական թարգմանչական ծառայություն է, որի միջոցով տեքստ ու կայքեր կարելի է թարգմանել զանազան լեզուներով։ Համակարգչային թարգմանությունը կայքի բնօրինակի սոսկ մոտավոր ներկայացումն է։ Թարգմանությունը չպետք է դիտվի իբրև ճշգրիտ, և երբեմն կարող է ներառել ոչ ճիշտ, կամ վիրավորական արտահայտություններ։
Լոս Անջելեսի Առաջին ատյանի դատարանը չի երաշխավորում Google™ Translate-ի, կամ մեկ այլ թարգմանչական համակարգի կողմից թարգմանված որևէ տեղեկատվության ճշգրտությունը, վստահելիությունն ու արդիականությունը։ Բացի այդ, որոշ ծրագրեր, ֆայլեր կամ պարագաներ, օրինակ՝ գրաֆիկներ, լուսանկարներ, կամ որոշ փոխադրելի փաստաթղթային ձևաչափեր (pdf), թարգմանվել չեն կարող։
Խնդրում ենք նկատի ունենալ, որ թարգմանության խնդրանք ներկայացնելիս Դուք Լոս Անջելեսի Առաջին ատյանի դատարանի կայքից դուրս կտեղափոխվեք։ Լոս Անջելեսի Առաջին ատյանի դատարանը չի քաջալերում Google™ Translate-ի օգտագործումը։ Մեր կայքը կարելի է դիտել այլ թարգմանչական ծառայություններով ևս։ Ցանկացած անձ, կամ կազմակերպություն, ով հենվում է որևէ թարգմանչական համակարգից ստացված որևէ տեղեկատվության վրա, այդպես է վարվում սեփական ռիսկի հաշվին։ Թարգմանության ավարտին, Դուք հանձն եք առնում ցանկացած անճշտության, սխալի, կամ հայտնաբերված այլ խնդրի ռիսկը։ Լոս Անջելեսի Առաջին ատյանի դատարանը պատասխանատու չէ որևէ այնպիսի վնասի կամ խնդրի համար, որը թերևս կարող է առաջանալ Google™ Translate-ի, կամ թարգմանչական մեկ այլ համակարգի օգտագործման արդյունքում։
Եթե Google™ Translate-ի վերաբերյալ որևէ հարց ունեք, ապա խնդրում ենք սեղմել հետևյալ հղումը․ Google™ Translate FAQs.


Թարգմանել































Home







Online ServicesPay Fines, Search Records...















Hearing Reminder Service


Internet Access Options for Court Users


Appellate Division and Appeals Division




Case Access




Tentative Rulings




Civil



Civil efiling




Case Access




Case Document Images




Case Calendar





Court Reservation System (CRS)




Courtroom Information




Filing Court Locator




Interpreter Request




Search for Case Number by Name





Tentative Rulings




 

Criminal



Government Agency Criminal Record Online Request




Criminal Calendar Search





Criminal Case Summary




Search for Case by Defendant Name




Family Law



Request for Order Dates




Case Calendar





Case Access




Case Document Images




Divorce Judgment Documents




Filing Court Locator






Interpreter Request




On-line Dispute Resolution




Our Children First




Search for Case Number by Name




Tentative Rulings




 

Probate



Probate efiling




Case Access




Case Document Images




Case Calendar





Filing Court Locator




Interpreter Request




Probate Notes




Search for Case Number by Name




Small Claims



Case Access




Case Document Images




Case Calendar





Courtroom Information




Filing Court Locator




Interpreter Request




Search for Case Number by Name




Small Claims efiling




 

Traffic




Find Your Ticket by Drivers License




Find Your Ticket by Ticket Number




Búsqueda por licencia de manejar




Búsqueda por número de multa




Interpreter Request






Other



Court Date Calculator




Access to Electronic Records













Forms, Filings & FilesForms, Filing Fees...




State Judicial Council Approved Forms
Judicial Council forms can be used in every Superior Court in California. You will need to use these forms when you file your case.  Statewide approved forms are available for Adoptions, Appellate, Civil, Conservatorships, Criminal, Guardianships, Family Law, Juvenile, Name Change, Probate, Small Claims, and Traffic. (When you click this link, you will be taken to the California Courts website)

 

Locally Approved Forms
In addition to forms approved by the State Judicial Council, the Superior Court of Los Angeles has approved a variety of local forms that you may need to use as your case continues.


 

Locate Your Filing Courthouse
Locate the courthouse where your case belongs.

Filing Fees
Filing fee information for Civil Limited, Civil Unlimited, Family Law, Small Claims and Probate cases.

 

Files
The Los Angeles Superior Court is transitioning to electronic "paperless" case files.



Access to Electronic Records












Self-Help

For persons without attorneys








Where Can I Get Help?




NEW - Self-Help resources are changing under the Court's new AccessLACourt | Your Way program. Learn about new online workshops and appointments and the court's new Service Catalog.





Self-Help Service Catalog



NEW - Browse workshops, guided interviews, one-on-one appointments, and court information, in areas such as Divorce, Child Custody and Visitation, Evictions, Guardianship, and more.




 

Abuse & Harassment



Restraining Orders




Domestic Violence




Divorce and Separation



Divorce or Legal Separation




Summary Dissolution




Annulment




Spousal Support




Families & Children



Adoption




Child Custody and Visitation




Child Support




Establish Paternity




Guardianship of Children




 

Evictions, Landlords & Tenants



Unlawful Detainer




Traffic Violators




Find Your Ticket by Driver's License




Find Your Ticket by Ticket Number




Búsqueda por licencia de manejar




Búsqueda por número de multa




How do I Pay My Ticket




Failure to Appear in Court




Failure to Pay a Court-Ordered Fine




Petition for Ability to Pay/VacateCiv. Assessment




 

Wills, Estates & Trusts



Wills, Estates & Trusts




Small Claims



What is Small Claims Court?




Thinking About Filing a SmallClaims Case?




Filing My Case




Service Notice of My Case tothe Defendant




Responding to a Small ClaimsCase as a Defendant




Help Resources & Assistance



Courtspeak






California Courts Self Help Website






Law Library






California Courts Immigration Resources












Divisions

Civil, Criminal, Family...




                                    LA Court Divisions
                                
Legal matters are handled in one of LA Court's 9 divisions. 

 



                                        Appellate and Appeals
                                    



                                        Civil
                                    



                                        Criminal
                                    


 



                                        Family Law
                                    



                                        Juvenile
                                    



                                        Mental Health
                                    


 



                                        Probate
                                    



                                        Small Claims
                                    



                                        Traffic
                                    










Jury
Jury Duty Portal, Q&A...




Jury Home

This juror site provides basic juror information on preparing for jury service and what to expect while serving.

 

My Jury Duty Portal
With My Jury Duty Portal you can register for jury service, request an excuse, postponement or new court location, and complete your online orientation.









General Info

Courthouses, ADA ...



Contacts and Locations



Courthouses




Judicial Officers




Courtrooms




ADA





 

News and Media



AccessLACourt | Your Way




LASC News Center




Information for the Media




News Releases




Notice to Attorneys




Public Notices




Publications




Access to Electronic Records




 

Court Resources



Local Court Rules




Obtaining Copies of Court Records




Official Reporting Services




Court Interpreters




Surplus Property Donation Program




Bids & Solicitations




Archives and Exhibits





PACE




Digital Evidence Presentation System (DEPS) Information for Attorneys




California Values Act




 

Community Focus




Judicial Mentor Program




Community Outreach




Diversity Outreach





Volunteers, Interns, Externs




Employment




Temporary Judge Program




About the Court




Public Notice & Inquiry


















Main Content












  Home 






                
    Online Services

            

                
    Tentative Rulings

            





Text-to-Speech
Play
Reset







 DEPARTMENT 31 LAW AND MOTION RULINGS   Case Number:  18STCV01564    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA  FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES - CENTRAL DISTRICT  STEPHEN HARRIS, Plaintiff(s),  vs.  JACK SWANK, ET AL.,  Defendant(s). ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )       CASE NO: 18STCV01564  [TENTATIVE] ORDER RE: MOTION TO COMPEL PLAINTIFF’S EXPERTS’ DEPOSITIONS  Dept. 31 1:30 p.m.  September 18, 2023  I. Background On October 19, 2018, Plaintiff Stephen Harris (“Plaintiff”) filed his Complaint against Defendant Jack Swank (“Decedent”), in his individual capacity, for damages arising from an automobile accident. On October 20, 2022, Plaintiff filed a Creditor’s Claim, and after rejection, Plaintiff brought a motion to substitute Judith Lorraine Swank (“Swank” or “Defendant”) as the personal representative of Decedent. On August 29, 2023, the Court granted Plaintiff’s motion to substitute. Accordingly, it was ordered that Swank be substituted as a party defendant in place of Decedent; Plaintiff was ordered to serve Swank with an amended complaint within 20 days of the ruling. (Min. Order Aug. 29, 2023.) ¿  On May 25, 2023, Decedent filed the instant motion to compel the depositions of Plaintiffs’ experts. In opposition, Plaintiff’s only argument is that the motion was filed on behalf of Decedent at the time, and therefore defense counsel lacks authority to notice or take depositions in this case. In reply, Defendant contends that Plaintiff’s motion is untimely and should not be considered, and that the Court at a recent informal discovery conference (“IDC”) ordered Plaintiff to make Plaintiff’s experts immediately available. Furthermore, Defendant argues that Plaintiff still has not served the Administrator of the Estate with the Complaint as ordered.  II. Procedural  Preliminary, the Court will address a couple issues raised by the parties. In terms of an untimely opposition, Defendant identifies no prejudice suffered in receiving Plaintiff’s opposition through email at 12:01 a.m. as opposed to receiving the opposition at 11:59 p.m. on the due date. Therefore, the Court, in its discretion, will still consider Plaintiff’s opposition.  As to Plaintiff’s sole contention that Defendant lacks authority to bring the instant motion, Plaintiff conclusory cites to Code Civ. Proc. § 367, which provides, “Every action must be prosecuted in the name of the real party in interest, except as otherwise provided by statute.” At the time the action commenced, Decedent was a real party in interest, and Decedent passed after the filing of the action. The Court is guided by Code Civ. Proc. § 377.30, which provides, “A cause of action that survives the death of the person entitled to commence an action or proceeding passes to the decedent’s successor in interest . . . and an action may be commenced by the decedent’s personal representatives or, if none, by the decedent’s successor in interest.”  (Code Civ. Proc., § 377.30.)  Accordingly, although the motion was brought on behalf of Decedent at the time, Decedent has since been substituted by Defendant Swank as Decedent’s personal representative. Plaintiff provides no authority supporting his contention that the motion is now improper, or that the Court may not consider the motion when Swank has since stepped into the place of Decedent.  Lastly, the Court will not consider Defendant’s argument, raised for the first time, that Plaintiff still has not served the amended complaint on Swank because the purpose of a reply brief is not to raise new issues. Regardless, Plaintiff was ordered to serve Swank with an amended complaint within 20 days of the ruling. (Min. Order, Aug. 29, 2023.) The due date is the day of the hearing on the instant motion, on September 18, 2023. Therefore, the time had yet to expire for Defendant to properly set forth this argument.   III. Motion to Compel Deposition of Plaintiff’s Experts On receipt of an expert witness list from a party, any other party may take the deposition of any person on the list.  Except as otherwise provided, the procedures for taking oral and written depositions apply to a deposition of a listed trial expert witness.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2034.410.)  The service of a proper deposition notice accompanied by the tender of the expert witness fee is effective to require the party employing or retaining the expert to produce the expert for the deposition.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2034.460, subd. (a).)  If the party noticing the deposition fails to tender the expert’s fee under Section 2034.430, the expert shall not be deposed at that time unless the parties stipulate otherwise.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2034.460, subd. (b).) “The deposition of any expert . . . shall be taken at a place that is within 75 miles of the courthouse where the action is pending.  On motion for a protective order by the party designating an expert witness, and on a showing of exceptional hardship, the court may order that the deposition be taken at a more distant place from the courthouse.”  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2034.420.) Defendant argues the depositions of Plaintiff’s experts Steven Dunbar, D.C. and Babak Samimi, M.D. were properly noticed, and that Plaintiff failed to produce these experts. Defense counsel avers that Plaintiff’s counsel objected on the grounds of unavailability, but did not provide available dates. Defense counsel also argues they attempted to contact Plaintiff’s counsel, who refuses to communicate about the issue, and also objected on the grounds that Decedent is deceased and therefore not a proper party.  However, it is not clear whether Defendant properly noticed Steven Dunbar, D.C.’s and Babak Samimi, M.D.’s depositions. Defense counsel’s declaration refers to six exhibits in support of the motion, none of which were attached to the declaration. Furthermore, the Court notes that multiple separate documents were filed on the same date of the instant motion, none of which reference to any particular motion. The Court will not consider any documents outside of and not properly incorporated to the motion. Furthermore, it is not clear that Defendant tendered the expert witness fee or whether the parties stipulated otherwise.  If no stipulation was made and Defendant failed to tender the fee with the deposition notice, then Steven Dunbar, D.C. and Babak Samimi, M.D. were not required to appear at the noticed deposition. In any event, due to the lack of evidence and the issue regarding the expert witness fees, the motion is denied.   Therefore, the motion compelling Steven Dunbar, D.C.’s and Babak Samimi, M.D.’s deposition is DENIED without prejudice.  Moving party is ordered to give notice.    PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: Parties are encouraged to meet and confer after reading this tentative ruling to see if they can reach an agreement. If a party intends to submit on this tentative ruling,¿the party must send an email to the court at¿sscdept31@lacourt.org¿with the Subject line “SUBMIT” followed by the case number.¿ The body of the email must include the hearing date and time, counsel’s contact information, and the identity of the party submitting.¿¿ Unless¿all¿parties submit by email to this tentative ruling, the parties should arrange to appear remotely (encouraged) or in person for oral argument.¿ You should assume that others may appear at the hearing to argue.¿¿ If the parties neither submit nor appear at hearing, the Court may take the motion off calendar or adopt the tentative ruling as the order of the Court.¿ After the Court has issued a tentative ruling, the Court may prohibit the withdrawal of the subject motion without leave.¿ Dated this 15th day of September 2023     Hon. Michelle Kim Judge of the Superior Court    Case Number:  20STCV19624    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 DEPT:  31 HEARING DATE: September 18, 2023 CASE NAME/NUMBER: Rutigliano, et al. v. Cranner, et al / 20STCV19624 PETITION TO APPROVE COMPROMISE OF PENDING ACTION OF A MINOR Gianna Rutigliano, Age 9 Abrielle Rutigliano, Age 7 RECOMMENDATION: GRANT  TENTATIVE¿ ¿ The Court excuses the personal appearance of Claimants and the guardian ad litem. Counsel may appear by telephone or video conference call.¿¿  Plaintiffs have agreed to settle their claims for $70,000, with $50,000 being apportioned to Gianna Rutigliano (“Gianna”), $10,000 being apportioned to Abrielle Rutigliano (“Abrielle”) (collectively, “Claimants”), and $10,000 to Plaintiff Anthony Rutigliano.  Claimant Gianna  If the settlement is approved, $2,924.50 will be used for medical expenses, $12,500 for attorneys’ fees, and $816.50 will be used for costs.  The net balance of $33,759 will be invested in a single-premium deferred annuity, subject to withdrawal only on authorization of the Court.  The Court has reviewed the settlement and finds it fair and reasonable.  The Court also finds the attorneys’ fees fair and reasonable, in that it amounts to 25% of Claimant Gianna’s settlement.     Claimant Abrielle  If the settlement is approved, $2,500 will be used for attorneys’ fees, and $562.69 will be used for costs.  The net balance of $6,937.31 will be invested in a single-premium deferred annuity, subject to withdrawal only on authorization of the Court.  The Court has reviewed the settlement and finds it fair and reasonable.  The Court also finds the attorneys’ fees fair and reasonable, in that it amounts to 25% of Claimant Abrielle’s settlement.     Based on the foregoing, the Court approves and GRANTS the petitions.   The Court sets an Order to Show Cause Re: Compliance: Proof of Purchase of Annuity(ies) on____________________ IN DEPARTMENT SS-31 AT 8:30 AM.¿¿¿  Moving party is ordered to give notice.  Case Number:  21STCV03805    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA  FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES - CENTRAL DISTRICT  ANTONIETTE WILLIAMS, Plaintiff(s),  vs.  BERTA GLORIA RODRIGUEZ, ET AL.,  Defendant(s). ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )       CASE NO: 21STCV03805  [TENTATIVE] ORDER GRANTING MOTION FOR ORDER SUBSTITUTING SUCCESSOR IN INTEREST FOR DECEDENT PLAINTIFF  Dept. 31 1:30 p.m.  September 18, 2023  On January 29, 2021, Plaintiff Antoniette Williams (“Plaintiff”) filed this action against Defendants Bertha Gloria Rodriguez, EAN Holdings, LLC., Enterprise Holdings, Lawrence Bryant, and Angel on My Shoulders.  On August 9, 2023, Angella Davis (“Davis”) filed this motion to be substituted as Plaintiff’s successor-in-interest. Davis declares she is the daughter of Plaintiff, and that she is Plaintiff’s successor-in-interest as the sole child and sole beneficiary of Plaintiff’s estate.  “A cause of action that survives the death of the person entitled to commence an action or proceeding passes to the decedent’s successor in interest . . . and an action may be commenced by the decedent’s personal representatives or, if none, by the decedent’s successor in interest.”  (Code Civ. Proc., § 377.30.)  After the death of a plaintiff, the court, on motion, shall allow a pending action that does not abate to be continued by the decedent’s personal representative or successor-in-interest.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 377.31.)   The person who seeks to commence or continue a pending action as the decedent’s successor-in-interest shall execute and file an affidavit or declaration stating: (1) the decedent’s name, (2) the date and place of decedent’s death, (3) “No proceeding is now pending in California for administration of the decedent’s estate,” (4) a copy of the final order showing the distribution of the decedent’s cause of action to the successor-in-interest, if the decedent’s estate was administered, (5) either the affiant or declarant is the decedent’s successor in interest or the affiant or declarant is authorized to act on behalf of the decedent’s successor in interest, with facts in support thereof, (6) “No other person has a superior right to commence the action or proceeding or to be substituted for the decedent in the pending action or proceeding,” and (7) the statements are true, under penalty of perjury.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 377.32(a)(1)-(7).) Additionally, a certified copy of the decedent’s death certificate shall be attached to the affidavit or declaration. (Code Civ. Proc., § 377.32(c).)  Plaintiff passed away on September 27, 2021. Davis executed a declaration which satisfies the requirements of CCP section 377.32.  Accordingly, the unopposed motion is GRANTED.    Moving party to give notice.  PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: Parties are encouraged to meet and confer after reading this tentative ruling to see if they can reach an agreement. If a party intends to submit on this tentative ruling,¿the party must send an email to the Court at¿sscdept31@lacourt.org¿with the Subject line “SUBMIT” followed by the case number.¿ The body of the email must include the hearing date and time, counsel’s contact information, and the identity of the party submitting.¿¿ Unless¿all¿parties submit by email to this tentative ruling, the parties should arrange to appear remotely (encouraged) or in person for oral argument.¿ You should assume that others may appear at the hearing to argue.¿¿ If the parties neither submit nor appear at hearing, the Court may take the motion off calendar or adopt the tentative ruling as the order of the Court.¿ After the Court has issued a tentative ruling, the Court may prohibit the withdrawal of the subject motion without leave.¿    Dated this 15th day of September 2023      Hon. Michelle C. Kim Judge of the Superior Court    Case Number:  21STCV33689    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA  FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES - CENTRAL DISTRICT  SHIRLEY LEE WEDDLE, Plaintiff(s),  vs.  HEIDI JAUREGUI, ET AL.,  Defendant(s). ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )       CASE NO: 21STCV33689  [TENTATIVE] ORDER CONTINUING HEARING ON MOTION TO COMPEL   Dept. 31 1:30 p.m.  September 18, 2023   Defendants Heidi Jauregui and Gabriel Jauregui (“Defendants”) filed this motion to compel the physical examination of Plaintiff Shirley Lee Weddle (“Plaintiff”). Plaintiff filed an opposition, and Defendants filed a reply.  The Court reviewed the papers, and notes that the parties agreed to Plaintiff’s physical examination with Neeraj Gupta, M.D. (“Dr. Gupta”) at 160 East Artesia, Suite 360, Pomona CA 91767 for October 16, 2023 at 1:00 p.m. Furthermore, Plaintiff has notified Defendants of Plaintiff’s willingness to pay Dr. Gupta’s $1,600 charge for the two missed appointments. In light of the parties’ representations, the Court will briefly continue this motion.  Defendants are ordered to notify the Court at least five (5) court days prior to the rescheduled hearing date as to whether Plaintiff appeared for her physical examination with Dr. Gupta, and whether Defendants will be taking the motion off-calendar.  The hearing on the motion is continued to October ________, 2023 at 1:30 p.m. in Department 31 of the Spring Street Courthouse.  Defendants are ordered to give notice.    PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: Parties are encouraged to meet and confer after reading this tentative ruling to see if they can reach an agreement. If a party intends to submit on this tentative ruling,¿the party must send an email to the court at¿sscdept31@lacourt.org¿with the Subject line “SUBMIT” followed by the case number.¿ The body of the email must include the hearing date and time, counsel’s contact information, and the identity of the party submitting.¿¿ Unless¿all¿parties submit by email to this tentative ruling, the parties should arrange to appear remotely (encouraged) or in person for oral argument.¿ You should assume that others may appear at the hearing to argue.¿¿ If the parties neither submit nor appear at hearing, the Court may take the motion off calendar or adopt the tentative ruling as the order of the Court.¿ After the Court has issued a tentative ruling, the Court may prohibit the withdrawal of the subject motion without leave.¿  Dated this 15th day of September 2023      Hon. Michelle C. Kim Judge of the Superior Court   Case Number:  21STCV33822    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 DEPT:   31 OSC DATE:  9/18/2023 CASE NAME/NUMBER:  21STCV33822 ERNEST HILL vs LITCO ENTERTAINMENT INC., et al. REQUEST FOR COURT JUDGMENT AGAINST [DEFAULTING PARTY]:  LITCO ENTERTAINMENT INC. RECOMMENDATION:  DENY for reasons stated below.  TENTATIVE  The request for default judgment submitted on August 28, 2023 is DENIED for the following reasons:  Plaintiff has not dismissed all other parties whom default is not sought against, including all Doe defendants. (CRC 3.1800(a)(7).) If Plaintiff will not dismiss the other defendant in this action, Plaintiff must apply for separate relief for severable claims. (Ibid.)  CIV-100, Item 2(a) provides that the demand of complaint is $350,000. There is no demand on the face of Plaintiff's complaint. Furthermore, Plaintiff did not provide a copy of the Statement of Damages. Plaintiff must review and accurately fill Item 2 to reflect the correct amounts.   Plaintiff has not demonstrated that the Statement of Damages was served on Defendant prior to entry of default. If Plaintiff is unable to provide proof of service as such, then default is void. (CCP 425.11(c)-(d).) Furthermore, Plaintiff must file a copy of the Statement of Damages served on Defendant. (CRC 3.250(a)(20).)  No later than ____________, Plaintiff is to submit a new default judgment package correcting these defects. Failure to do so may result in the imposition of sanctions, including monetary sanctions and/or dismissal. The OSC re entry of default judgment is continued to ______________.  Case Number:  22STCV13872    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA  FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES - CENTRAL DISTRICT  IMELDA BARRAGAN, Plaintiff(s),  vs.  THE HERTZ CORPORATION, ET AL.,  Defendant(s). ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )       CASE NO: 22STCV13872  [TENTATIVE] ORDER RE: MOTION TO STAY ACTION   Dept. 31 1:30 p.m.  September 18, 2023  On April 26, 2022, Plaintiff Imelda Barragan (“Plaintiff”) filed this action against defendants The Hertz Corporation (“Hertz”) and Dyllan William Williams (“Williams”) (collectively, “Defendants”) for damages arising from a motor vehicle incident on April 27, 2020.   Hertz now brings a motion to stay all further proceedings in this action pursuant to bankruptcy filed by Hertz. Hertz’s counsel provides that on May 22, 2020, Hertz filed a Petition in Bankruptcy under Chapter 11, Case No. 20-11218 (MWF) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. On June 10, 2021, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Second Modified Third Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of the Hertz Corporation and its Debtor Affiliates and on June 30, 2021, the bankruptcy court entered a permanent injunction.  Based on the foregoing, the automatic stay has been in place since May 2020. “‘The automatic stay is self-executing and is effective upon filing the bankruptcy petition.’” (Shaoxing County Huayue Import & Export v. Bhaumik (2011) 191 Cal.App.4th 1189.) Therefore, the motion to stay proceedings against Hertz is moot. It is unclear whether Hertz is seeking to stay the action only against Hertz, or to stay the entire action as to all defendants. The general rule is that “the automatic stay protects only the debtor,” and the “[b]ankruptcy of one defendant in a multidefendant case does not stay the case as to the remaining defendants.” (Higgins v. Superior Ct. (2017) 15 Cal. App. 5th 973, 979–80.) “[T]he automatic stay of judicial proceedings against a debtor in bankruptcy does not apply to nondebtor codefendants.” (Cross v. Cooper (2011) 197 Cal.App.4th 357, 365, fn. 2.) Accordingly, the automatic stay does not extend to Defendant Williams.   Moving party is ordered to give notice.   PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: Parties are encouraged to meet and confer after reading this tentative ruling to see if they can reach an agreement. If a party intends to submit on this tentative ruling,¿the party must send an email to the court at¿sscdept31@lacourt.org¿with the Subject line “SUBMIT” followed by the case number.¿ The body of the email must include the hearing date and time, counsel’s contact information, and the identity of the party submitting.¿¿ Unless¿all¿parties submit by email to this tentative ruling, the parties should arrange to appear remotely (encouraged) or in person for oral argument.¿ You should assume that others may appear at the hearing to argue.¿¿ If the parties neither submit nor appear at hearing, the Court may take the motion off calendar or adopt the tentative ruling as the order of the Court.¿ After the Court has issued a tentative ruling, the Court may prohibit the withdrawal of the subject motion without leave.¿  Dated this 15th day of September 2023      Hon. Michelle C. Kim Judge of the Superior Court    Case Number:  22STCV39242    Hearing Date:   September 18, 2023    Dept:  31 SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA  FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES - CENTRAL DISTRICT  SAMUEL YUN, Plaintiff(s),  vs.  21ST CENTURY INSURANCE COMPANY,  Defendant(s). ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )       CASE NO: 22STCV39242  [TENTATIVE] ORDER RE: DEFENDANT’S MOTIONS TO COMPEL  Dept. 31 1:30 p.m.  September 18, 2023  I. Motions to Compel¿ Defendant 21st Century Insurance Company (“Defendant”) propounded form interrogatories, set one, and request for production of documents (“RPDs”), set one, on Plaintiff Samuel Yun (“Plaintiff”) on October 25, 2022. On November 25, 2022, Plaintiff’s counsel served unverified responses. On December 1, 2022, defense counsel requested verified responses without objections. After sending meet and confer emails, Defendant has not received verified responses. Defendant therefore seeks an order compelling Plaintiff to respond, without objections, to the outstanding discovery and to pay sanctions.  Any opposition was due on or before September 5, 2023; Plaintiff filed on September 12, 2023. Therefore, the Court will not consider the untimely oppositions. For a motion to compel initial discovery responses, all a propounding party must show is that it properly served its discovery requests, that the time to respond has expired, and that the party to whom the requests were directed failed to provide a timely response. (See Leach v. Superior Court (1980) 111 Cal.App.3d 902, 905 906.) Where a party fails to serve timely responses to discovery requests, the court may make an order compelling responses.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2031.300; Sinaiko Healthcare Consulting, Inc. v. Pacific Healthcare Consultants (2007) 148 Cal.App.4th 390, 403.)   A party that fails to serve timely responses waives any objections to the request, including ones based on privilege or the protection of attorney work product.  (Code Civ. Proc., § 2031.300, subd. (a).)  CCP § 2030.260 and CCP § 2031.260 provides that a shall serve responses within 30 days of service. Furthermore, the parties are provided an additional 5 days if served by mail, and 2 days if served by electronic mail. (CCP § 1013.) Here, Defendant propounded discovery on October 25, 2022 via electronic mail. Therefore, Plaintiff’s responses to Defendant’s discovery were due on or before November 28, 2022. Plaintiff timely served responses on November 25, 2022; however, the attached verifications were unsigned. (Mots. Exh. B.) Plaintiff’s responses are comprised of a mixture of both objections and substantive responses. (Ibid.) Accordingly, the Court is guided by Food 4 Less Supermarkets, Inc. v. Superior Court (1995) 40 Cal. App.4th 651, 658, which stands for the proposition that omission of the verification portion of the response containing fact-specific responses merely renders that portion of the response untimely and therefore creates a right to move for orders and sanctions as to those responses, but does not result in a waiver of objections made. Therefore, as signed verifications have not been served, and Plaintiff has failed to provide any evidence demonstrating otherwise even if the Court had considered the late oppositions, Defendant’s motions are GRANTED IN PART. Plaintiff is ordered to serve verifications to Defendant’s form interrogatories, set one, and RPDs, set one, within twenty (20) days. (CCP §§ 2030.290 (b), 2031.300 (b).)  II. Sanctions¿ Sanctions are mandatory against any party, person, or attorney who unsuccessfully makes or opposes a motion to compel a response to interrogatories, unless a court makes certain findings.¿ (Code Civ. Proc., § 2030.290(c), 2031.300(c).)¿ Plaintiff filed untimely oppositions, which the Court will not consider. Defendant seeks sanctions in the amount of $585 for each motion.  Defendant is awarded 1 hour to prepare each motion to compel and one hour to appear at the hearing- but is awarded this time only once- all at the reasonable rate of $120 per hour, for a total of $360 in attorney fees.   Further, Defendant is awarded two motion filing fees of $60, for a total of $120, as costs.   Sanctions are imposed against Plaintiff and Plaintiff’s attorney of record, jointly and severally.  Plaintiff and/or Plaintiff’s counsel are ordered to pay sanctions to Defendant, by and through counsel of record, in the total amount of $480, within twenty (20) days.  Defendant is ordered to give notice.    PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: Parties are encouraged to meet and confer after reading this tentative ruling to see if they can reach an agreement. If a party intends to submit on this tentative ruling,¿the party must send an email to the court at¿sscdept31@lacourt.org¿with the Subject line “SUBMIT” followed by the case number.¿ The body of the email must include the hearing date and time, counsel’s contact information, and the identity of the party submitting.¿¿ Unless¿all¿parties submit by email to this tentative ruling, the parties should arrange to appear remotely (encouraged) or in person for oral argument.¿ You should assume that others may appear at the hearing to argue.¿¿ If the parties neither submit nor appear at hearing, the Court may take the motion off calendar or adopt the tentative ruling as the order of the Court.¿ After the Court has issued a tentative ruling, the Court may prohibit the withdrawal of the subject motion without leave.¿  Dated this 15th day of September 2023      Hon. Michelle C. Kim Judge of the Superior Court   































        Copyright © 
        2023 Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles
    



Privacy Statement | Disclaimer | Employment | ADA | Holidays | Comment on our Website



















 







